README.md, before:

QSnippets-CSS
=============

Сниппеты для турбо-верстки CSS в Sublime Text 2  

## Примеры использования в файлах CSS

`.` + `Tab` → 
```css
.| {
  |
};
```  
`#` + `Tab` → 
```css
#| {
  |
};
``` 
`bg` + `Tab` → `background: #|;`  
`bgr` + `Tab` → `background-repeat: |repeat-x;`  
`c` + `Tab` → `color: #|;`  
`t` + `Tab` → `top: |px;`  
`fl` + `Tab` → `float:left;`  
`poa` + `Tab` → `position: absolute;`  
`por` + `Tab` → `position: relative;`  
`d` + `Tab` → `display: |block;`  
`dib` + `Tab` → `display: inline-block;`  
`di` + `Tab` → `display: inline;`  
`dt` + `Tab` → `display: table;`  
`dn` + `Tab` → `display: none;`  
`fs` + `Tab` → `font-size: |px;`  
`lh` + `Tab` → `line-height: |em;`  
`m` + `Tab` → `margin: |px |px |px |px;`  
`o` + `Tab` → `overflow: |hidden;`  
`tdu` + `Tab` → `text-decoration: underline;`  
`w%` + `Tab` → `width: |%;`  
`w` + `Tab` → `width: |px;`  
`z` + `Tab` → `z-index: |;`

Commit message:

mass update scope to make them work in style tags, new snippets: transition and box-sizing

README.md, after:

Sublime-Snippets-CSS
=============

Snippets for productive CSS writing in Sublime Text 2. Also works for style tags in html files.  

## Some usage examples

`.` + `Tab` → 
```css
.| {
  |
};
```  
`#` + `Tab` → 
```css
#| {
  |
};
``` 
`bg` + `Tab` → `background: #|;`  
`bgr` + `Tab` → `background-repeat: |repeat-x;`  
`c` + `Tab` → `color: #|;`  
`t` + `Tab` → `top: |px;`  
`fl` + `Tab` → `float:left;`  
`poa` + `Tab` → `position: absolute;`  
`por` + `Tab` → `position: relative;`  
`d` + `Tab` → `display: |block;`  
`dib` + `Tab` → `display: inline-block;`  
`di` + `Tab` → `display: inline;`  
`dt` + `Tab` → `display: table;`  
`dn` + `Tab` → `display: none;`  
`fs` + `Tab` → `font-size: |px;`  
`lh` + `Tab` → `line-height: |em;`  
`m` + `Tab` → `margin: |px |px |px |px;`  
`o` + `Tab` → `overflow: |hidden;`  
`tdu` + `Tab` → `text-decoration: underline;`  
`w%` + `Tab` → `width: |%;`  
`w` + `Tab` → `width: |px;`  
`z` + `Tab` → `z-index: |;`  

Feel free to edit them to better suit your needs :)
